com/feifei/testv3/AlarmSetter.java
 com.feifei.testv3.AlarmSetter
com/feifei/testv3/ScanDevicesActivity.java
 com.feifei.testv3.ScanDevicesActivity
com/feifei/testv3/DatabaseOpenHelper.java
 com.feifei.testv3.DatabaseOpenHelper
com/feifei/testv3/BLE_Device.java
 com.feifei.testv3.BLE_Device
com/feifei/testv3/BLE_ListAdapter.java
 com.feifei.testv3.BLE_ListAdapter
com/feifei/testv3/Scanner.java
 com.feifei.testv3.Scanner
 com.feifei.testv3.Scanner$1
 com.feifei.testv3.Scanner$2
com/feifei/testv3/ScanJobService.java
 com.feifei.testv3.ScanJobService
 com.feifei.testv3.ScanJobService$1
com/feifei/testv3/AdminLoginActivity.java
 com.feifei.testv3.AdminLoginActivity
com/feifei/testv3/MainActivity.java
 com.feifei.testv3.MainActivity
 com.feifei.testv3.MainActivity$1
com/feifei/testv3/Utils.java
 com.feifei.testv3.Utils
 com.feifei.testv3.Utils$1
com/feifei/testv3/ViewClassesActivity.java
 com.feifei.testv3.ViewClassesActivity
com/feifei/testv3/User_Subject.java
 com.feifei.testv3.User_Subject
com/feifei/testv3/SetCredentialsActivity.java
 com.feifei.testv3.SetCredentialsActivity
com/feifei/testv3/Classes_ListAdapter.java
 com.feifei.testv3.Classes_ListAdapter
com/feifei/testv3/ClassAlarmReceiver.java
 com.feifei.testv3.ClassAlarmReceiver
 com.feifei.testv3.ClassAlarmReceiver$1
com/feifei/testv3/AlarmReceiver.java
 com.feifei.testv3.AlarmReceiver
 com.feifei.testv3.AlarmReceiver$1
com/feifei/testv3/menu_popup.java
 com.feifei.testv3.menu_popup
 com.feifei.testv3.menu_popup$1
com/feifei/testv3/AutoScanner.java
 com.feifei.testv3.AutoScanner
 com.feifei.testv3.AutoScanner$1
 com.feifei.testv3.AutoScanner$2
com/feifei/testv3/DatabaseAccess.java
 com.feifei.testv3.DatabaseAccess
com/feifei/testv3/ViewScanDataActivity.java
 com.feifei.testv3.ViewScanDataActivity
com/feifei/testv3/BootReceiver.java
 com.feifei.testv3.BootReceiver
com/feifei/testv3/ScanData_ListAdapter.java
 com.feifei.testv3.ScanData_ListAdapter
com/feifei/testv3/Scan_Data.java
 com.feifei.testv3.Scan_Data
com/feifei/testv3/BuildConfig.java
 com.feifei.testv3.BuildConfig
